It’s a cliché to say that they were the one who got away, but did they really?
Who was she anyway?

I can’t remember… But i’ll drink to forget the rest all the same.

Walking into the liquor store, the clerk’s eyes follow my every move. Every shift of his eyes tainted with disgust, or is it disdain?

“One or two sixpacks?”, I ask myself.
“One bottle of vodka, or two?”
I say yes to all of the above and, holding a plethora of bottles and beer cans, make my way to the clerk whose face is still painted with a disgusted look.

The fresh, chilling air from the fridges pleasantly cool me off. All the noise in my mind simmers down and i suddenly remember:

Her cheek, glowing with a blazing red imprint of my palm. An echo, reflecting off the walls of our supposed-to-have-been forever home, riddled with memories of our life and our love. 
Words too foul, too soul-crushingly painful to ever repeat.

It’s over.

Liquor or lager? 
Love or hate?
Poison or venom?


“What are you doing here?”, the clerk asks me.

“What does it look like I’m doing, Jamie?” 

“She’s in the hospital because of you, everybody knows what you are now. Who you really are.”

“Funny how everyone but me seems to know who and what I am.”

“I’m not selling you this, Dave. You’re a loose cannon on booze, I don’t want to be held accountable for whatever you might do once you down all of that.”

“Then don’t sell it.”


I’m not dealing with this nonsense. I snatch a bag from behind the counter and promptly stuff all the booze into it while walking towards the exit.


“What the hell are you doing, Dave?”, Jamie asks while walking towards me from behind the counter.

“Just refilling my script!”
Holding my bag of booze i hastily make my way towards my house. 

Wait, no… Our house. 
It’s not mine anymore. I don’t have the keys, where did I sleep last night? 
How did I-

“Get back here Dave or i’m calling the pigs on your wife-beating ass!” 
I look back and see Jamie following me, baseball bat in hand. 

I don’t know where I’m supposed to go. Do I even still have a home? I’m not sure I even know where I am right now. I had to have known where I was to get to the liquor store but I don’t even remember where it is located. 
This is wrong. This is bad. What is happening?

I need to ask Jamie for help.

I turn around and nothing.
He’s not there. 
Where did he go?
Where am I?